"Senior Backend Engineer - Connectivity
Nylas US
role Our engineers end-to-end own and ship new features, like offering Contact sync, while providing mentorship through pairing. They share our webhook systems, then re-architect in SQS as we scale. They solve tricky customer issues, debug slow MySQL queries, and sometimes get into the depths of MIME and other email protocols. You should have a growth mindset, enough engineering experience to architect complex systems, a track record of managing your own projects, and a strong sense of practical shippability over-engineering purity. You should also tend toward humbleness in your abilities and have an innate desire to pass knowledge onto others. Responsibilities . Build and optimize modern RESTful APIs to handle billions of requests every day . Build and optimize data synchronization services to handle TB-level message data . Collaborate with your team to write, test, debug, and deploy Python Flask services . Work with multiple-cloud-based deployments and application environments . Brainstorm solutions to customer problems and guide decisions based on your knowledge of the codebase
Senior Backend Engineer - Connectivity REMOTE (US OR CANADA) / ENGINEERING – SOFTWARE ENGINEERING / FULL TIME **Please note that while this role is listed as remote, we currently can only hire those in the following states: CA, WA, OR, CO, TX, IL, NY, MA & Canada Nylas is a pioneer and leading provider of universal communications APIs that allow developers to quickly connect their applications to every email, calendar, or contacts provider in the world. Over 40,000 developers around the globe use the Nylas communications platform to process over 1.2 billion API requests and 20TB of data per day from providers such as Gmail, Microsoft Exchange, Outlook, Yahoo! and more. Who We Are Nylas was founded in 2013 and has raised over $175M to date from Tiger Global, 8VC, Spark Capital, Slack, and more; as well as individual investors including Patrick Collison, Co-Founder and CEO of Stripe, John Collison, President and Co-Founder of Stripe, Sebastian Siemiatkowski, CEO of Klarna, and Tony Fadell. Developers around the world use Nylas to quickly and securely build email, scheduling, and work automation features into their applications. Nylas customers include Upwork, Wix, Freshworks, Lever, Dialpad, Ceridian, and Move.com. Our Work Philosophy Nylas is also big believers in the safety and well-being of our employees and society, which is why we are onboarding all new Nylanauts remotely during this global pandemic until there is a vaccine and it is safe for humans to resume their pre-COVID lifestyles. AND once COVID-19 pandemic eventually comes to an end, we will continue to embrace Remote First philosophy, with a minor twist: Remote First, Office Second. That's right! It's about how you work, not where you work. Nylanauts can choose any workspace or environment that will result in more ideas, engagement, creativity, focus, collaboration, and productivity. It's true. Nylanauts can work from the slopes of Missoula or beaches of San Diego. Wherever motivates them; inspires them to be better versions of themselves. And if Nylanauts wish to work from an office in one of our hubs(San Francisco, Denver, New York City, Toronto, and London), they can! The workspace is there to be utilize. Why Remote First, Office Second? Because we not only believe in respecting individual working styles, disabilities, and personal schedules, but also ensuring everyone has a better work-life balance. The outcomes will always be more important than the physical location. So, if you’re looking to join a fast-growing company with a beloved, daily-use product, and an authentic mission that puts people first, we want to meet you. Want to know more? Check us out on Comparably and Great Place to Work! Recent Awards: Fastest Growing Companies (Inc 500) 2020 Great Place to Work (Great Place to Work) 2020 Best Places for Professional Development (Comparably) 2019 Best Leadership Team (Comparably) 2020 Happiest Employees (Comparably) 2020 Best Companies for Compensation (Comparably) 2020 Best Companies for Perks & Benefits (Comparably) 2020 Best Companies for Work-Life Balance (Comparably) About the team The Nylas Connectivity team is the lifeblood of our business and is responsible for an array of communication APIs including email, calendar, and contacts. We’re hiring experienced engineers to help us scale and build new products on top of our APIs. Right now, our open-source Python sync engine regularly archives terabytes of data across a massive SQL cluster, and our Flask APIs handle tens of millions of requests a day. We aim to scale that several times over in the next year. About the Benefits . Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO): we take this very seriously as we care about the well-being of our employees . Healthcare: 90% of medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family . Retirement Plan: 401k & RRSP with a company match (super rare for a startup) . Holidays: 14 paid annual holidays (New Year’s Day, Family Day, President’s Day, Good Friday, Indigenous People's Day, etc) . Education Grant: annual learning & development benefit . Paid Parental Leave: 12 weeks parental leave (maternity & paternity) . Voting/Election PTO: 4 hours of paid time off to vote in person or volunteer at a polling place \\\ \\\
Qualifications . BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent . At least 5+ years of experience in backend development on high-impact projects . Strong experience with Python (Flask preferred) and Golang . Experience with microservices, distributed system, and CI/CD pipelines . Experience with modern database and storage (MySQL, NoSQL) . Some experience with containers and related infrastructure (Docker and K8s) . Some experience with Cloud Services (AWS or GCP is preferred) . Fast-learner and team player Perks/"
